mimus mmm
ufiahmquodt'mpzinffitt'nstoenacbmnnv emnamsmomontscapiwqoeaa
-ffldmmnsesuntfitpcoecanmnossers monemcmcuwumztpsanunconsenm
wwvlssbtearum ¹ onassanuutcrznaedmnammquammm
Zurbztveugamroempzopzoetanbnesv mimemessmuoomemaarozuoaeazm
:ptanbomazscmoetvtfitalbumwmi noemquanutansfimpmmuumflmaem
arundmosungummosumtfitcoztex thademfibbwcrgofluendumest meam
euxsanencmazplanuazzfitrecenssfaa nwstlimr'oztesexnat‘asuezmaugnenrt

α’ ,kfsmffibssalttmmmvcroestmahxmz 2atum1tvtiu1crtmzs1coeame.ffiu1umer

mssrumpetuss.1320ffu1nestnonbonumz zmeowneomnoequmuncolozestmv
subssleffemaefimxhtenestemmoebssezet gxsuncnmsapoenusswsspmrmw
anuquuestmalunoezqucdestmsptcoz nozaumfozuozeomgeneremwuceu
newa babemmtemwoum sranssgtur fi? mmmmm tamen aloeosssam·
aumwuoezcstffluemezmmmmqum mmfitocnamraremmvabenuumeman
-noncstgummommestoebuezvc'rmt6 mdmemquautonuuue amammunwme
mrbanuumssefuessumpomturmme huss.ffi1a1ms1toenan1rarerumfendm5
dmnmoebetradtcoztewuzestenozoo qumommwfeudumtamomeuuszvtsu
netalbumtpfius appaream oebetstmg panetatumeftssmmuaenamzm loa
ssfflffi‘l‘stgffissffssssffissmss &mmmmm
rabssemoksueaetpotessseruanperbt ffl1ntenanonhbcraoedmantadtaum
ennuiqmteanmfftfflrcabumsmodzw epccrsueeluessndereebummoabunaans
rannaquamsozsuntapotcmonomda. tessuperfluomzoasoaestcnoabusmea
Dumooebetnotareclecttmemeowm. umesaetficaozessmlousozaeficaoszm
‘hemndooebetnotaremodumreponuo oetenozemenzmbennodanluemlocm
111e.15ttert1'onebetnotaretempue{wwv nanwbnmtdaemamaestsstfimmtermra
nonaeeomwfitquartowmmooebsno bnbzzagmwsaetommropmesereonm
tarequantfiestet offiaosuorecnncanoa locaetermmummahwestwencnonwass

XV

nemmommstbepwnoscmoetoeem [ιτηιῑιῐετειιωιιιετεῆηιίιιιεἰωιιοᾳιιιιιιιακ7 ·’

cnonelaxannommnotacp tua [annua ἦ tetomrcpscmnoneacozasoemest‘mahaez·
suntpotennousvtrtunsfifintlcmozaffit zannocbenabonaaetnedoqmffposmq
ιηεῑιοωπιῑιιεαῖᾳςίηητςτευιοκεηιεῐιςηι tocnvetuspecmereffltaunumfimmterno
sunoetenunscmnoneazaloelemozessq enbtczsbzmesuetbmemssoesemnt

dammenoaeszcoloqusnndaflmffitm'et dozsatuetoemodoconsenunonaeeamm ·

agantusszfflmhaemfifitexeaemqnwuff spenaltteruwestmcapxmtmpzopziss.
rfqumnffagreuanosettxbffggressfffosubsta sscdgencrauterbabepzoreguuogsew
Qum mmmmm
rasmamesueubzooeconsolanoneme umannncondmomhuszopmnomhus
dianammintentionepamcapropzxmo. smavtmmnnefioeunennonemesuems‘

- §muteroemedmnebabentesbvmdfi mmm mmmm Μ’

ῐηρεῐῆηυιηῑειιιοκεᾳυωεηιωευοκεΐν Βρετορροῐωηῃηηῃῷκυςῃςῆηωμαι
mmmm &ww
laxannwulequefactuntoperanonezsuaa- temmssobcausamvolmtmesueogcsuu
compnmendozgrammxssquidesmeuw οιῑιιιῑαιιειηῖιοιιςωῑωηωῃωτὠθιίβἐ
ῆωιηίιτεϋοῑαιιιῐρεαωττεῲπωηῑ ab4⁴ wmpmffioswmgdmaequmm
ῆιιῴωῑητΐυίωῦεῑῑῑὲψθᾱπςειῡ graf sestbtaddunt,1nn1altc1mqn0tegmsuf;
1110aesssuntmeuozae.o>esue1b1de5.51e menam mmmmm&
m111terexmedmnaeqmbusamcssquemn- medumque mmmmm&
amensuranmrplenozvamoegrwoaee bettonsemanpzopeaumnstmmterpem

qumemsnntmeuwxszfimtcafftanmslaz aosmwtacutamquefibtaddatm malas ·

ωιιεηιωὴτϋεειιετωτςειηιιεετῆιπιῑεσ, παῦεκηιοπαιιεςοεεεηιροιιῐηεοω,
ωεῠιεὼιάειηῶῐιηιῐιεετεκιηεᾰίαπιε mmwnooendumpamospmedmnew
labmcssmsssnoehozesssuntgrauiozaefiatt maequeberbefuntoebmmnmrpostou·
.ps11mm.caffiaf1sn1la.pama.sebenenzz su emt uoemommfiszmoezmmaeeu

miinfmesuelbidemffimnhterzmedff c1'p11111ssuffojtouoeltbozidlonngjtenmo‘*¹

Α αηεδηιωᾳιιεηῖεᾱφιῑῑεῐιιηειηείιωωὲυᾶ Μιειιεηιὲίιιιεὲ.ίοεοίυρὲεεῐιςεῐο,ῦιῗῑὲ

Μῑὶῑετψῐιεάίωιιΰψεωηφῒῑωτεωπ

ωξῑῑιωιειέιῃκῐςᾱεωῷᾷίιιωώιαο.

 

